docs: add DR for automatic dependency injection (#199)
eclipse-edc/GradlePlugins: docs/developer/decision-records/2023-12-06-automatic-dependency-injection/README.md

# Automatic Dependency Injection

## Decision

> We will stop injection production dependency in the modules with the build plugin.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We will stop the automatic injection of implementation dependencies in the modules with the build plugin.
```
